In this video, we're going to start to wire up the bull library to our exploration service.
To get started, I'm going to find the CRC directory inside my exploration folder and I'll make a new
folder inside of that.
Called cues.
And then inside of cues, I'll make a new file called Expiration Cue Dots.
So inside of here, we're going to put together a lot of code related to bull.
Let me show you a diagram to help you understand exactly what we have to do inside of here.
So once again, we're going to receive an order created even at some point in time.
We're going to receive that event and then use this expiration cue thing that we're going to define
inside of this file to queue up or create a brand new job.
We can really think of a job as being very similar in nature to an event from that streaming server.
So we're going to write out some Q code to do a job or essentially publish a job.
This job is then going to be sent over to the Reddit server.
And inside of Reddit server, there's going to be a list of different jobs with some very specific type.
So we're going to make sure that we give a type to this job right here, essentially a string description,
very similar to how that streaming server has the idea of a subject or a channel.
The job that we publish is then going to be temporarily stored inside their.
Until 15 minutes or so have elapsed.
Once that time has elapsed, Reddit server is then going to take this job and send it back out for expiration
cue.
Inside of our expiration cue, we are then going to have a little bit of code that is going to be dedicated
to processing this incoming job.
Inside of our processing code, we are probably going to want to emit an event like the one we see right
here of expiration complete.
Now, one thing that we're going to have to figure out really quickly here is what information do we
want to store inside of this job?
We have to store something inside of here, something that says here is the order that we want to expire
or something like that.
Well, really quickly, let's think about this expiration complete event.
Chances are that when we emit this event, the only thing we need to know is the ID of the order that
should be getting expired.
So maybe the order ID, there's not really any other information that we need to include inside this
event at all.
It's really just the order ID to say, Hey, this order should now be expired.
So when we emit or publish our job right here, the only piece of information that we're going to stick
inside there is going to be the order ID that we eventually want to expire or place inside this event
over here.
Okay.
So now we've seen this diagram.
Let's go back over to our editor and start to write out some code to put together this kind of setup.
So inside of that expiration cue file at the very top, I'm going to import queue rumble.
And then going to use that thing to create a new instance of a Q.
I'm going to call it expiration.
Q This is the thing that is going to allow us to publish a job and then eventually process a job as
well.
So I'm going to create a variable called expiration cue.
That's going to be a new Q and then I'm going to give this thing two separate arguments.
The first argument is going to be the name of the channel, so to speak.
Now, Bull doesn't really have the idea of or doesn't have a terminology called channel per se.
I use the term channel just to make you think once again of Nat streaming server.
So this is going to be essentially the bucket over inside of server that we want to store this job in
temporarily.
So I'm going to give my queue a name of order, colon expiration.
There's nothing special about this format here, and there's nothing special about the words inside
of it.
We can have the have it be just a random gibberish of characters if we want it to.
But in this case, I think order expiration makes a lot of sense.
Then as a second argument, we're going to put in an options object.
We're going to add in some options to tell this queue that we want it to connect to the instance of
the Reddit server that we are running over inside that pod that we had just created through that deployment
a moment ago.
So to tell this cue that we wanted to use Redis, we're going to put in Reedus as an object.
And then inside of here, we're going to specify the host of this Reddit server.
We can find the host of our red instance if we go back to our infra red directory.
And take a look at our expiration deployment file.
So your expiration deployment, you might recall that one of the environment variables we had defined
was Redis underscore host.
So that is the host name of the red server that we want to connect to.
So for the host option right here, we will put in process and be redis underscore host.
Okay.
Next up, we're going to do something that is technically optional, but I do highly recommend that
you do it if you ever make usable on your own, specifically with TypeScript.
So as we just mentioned, inside this job, we're probably going to have some kind of order ID property
because that is the information that we want to communicate back over to this point in time when we
at some point in time to process this job.
Now, as you've seen with all the eventing stuff, with that streaming server, it is kind of confusing
to remember all the different properties and their types inside of our event objects.
And so optionally, but again, I highly recommend you do this.
We can create an interface that is going to describe the data that we're going to stick into this job.
So we're going to do that right now.
We're going to create an interface that's going to say what information we are going to store inside
of this job thing.
So to do so at the top of the file, I'm going to create an interface called Payload.
Nothing special about this name whatsoever.
It's just a name that I think makes sense.
It is some payload of information or of some data that we're going to store inside of that job object.
And then we're going to list out the different properties that are going to be stored inside this job.
So for us, it will be an order ID and notice that I'm using a lowercase D right here.
And it will be of type string.
We will then apply that as a generic type to our queue right here.
So I'm going to put in the angle brackets and put in payload like so.
So we've now given TypeScript enough information to understand exactly what kind of data is going to
be flowing through our queue when we go to start to write out some code to create a new job or to process
a job.
TypeScript is going to be able to use this payload interface right here to make sure that we are trying
to put the right information into the queue and receive the correct type of information from it as well.
And we can see that in action very easily.
Right after our queue, we're going to write out some code which is going to be where we're going to
actually process a job.
So this is going to be where Rita server sends the job back over to us and we start to process it in
some way.
To put that together.
We're going to write out expiration cue.
Process.
And we'll pass it in async function.
This async function is going to be called with an argument referred to as job.
And so as you guess, that is this job thing right here.
Now, the job object itself is similar in nature to that message object that we've seen in the gnat
streaming server library or the node streaming node, nat streaming, whatever it's called, that library
with that message object type.
So this job right here is not our actual data.
Instead, it is an object that wraps up our data and has some information about the job itself as well.
So information such as the date when it was initially created or maybe some ID of the job itself or
whatever else it is, all it inside the job and the data that we are going to send along inside the
job.
For us, the order ID is one of the properties inside there.
So inside of here, you and I are going to eventually want to go into want to publish an event, the
exploration complete event.
We do not have any publisher for that right now.
However, we don't even have an event called exploration complete.
So right now we'll just do a console log.
Of I want to publish an exploration.
Complete event or order.
And then at the very end of the console log.
As a second argument, I'm going to try to print out the order ID.
So we need to somehow reach into this job object, reference the payload we had stuck in there and get
that order ID property.
So to do to do so we would write out job data, order ID and you'll notice that I'm getting some autocomplete
right there from TypeScript specifically because we added in that interface.
So this is where TypeScript is going to help us understand the information that we are storing inside
of that job.
Okay.
One last step inside this file.
At the very bottom, we're going to export the actual.
Q that we just created, so we can actually use it in some other location side of our project.
So I'll put at the very bottom export curly braces expiration.
Q.
Okay.
That is it.
Now we will eventually come back and add in a better implementation for the processing step right here
because naturally, as that console.log says, we actually want to publish this event, but we don't
have that publisher put together right now.
Okay, let's take a pause right here and continue in just a moment.